now I understand nothing listen nooo
we must show
because we are able to find truffles here from the diagram
good it seems to me that you should have it
already smelled
let me see is good from the dai
the shell
good good show
where is it
thanks thanks to you
you've been good
then
it is more radiata that has a truffle ground we are looking for there
summer scorzoni truffles
it is a turkey oak forest
a wood because it has been partially improved
why
felt
we hope that by doing so
we can increase the production of truffles and from time to time here
we also bring the guests of the farmhouse the Casalone
we teach how to make truffles welcome and sometimes then
we take you home for
teach me how to do swimming pool
let's see if you find another
good good show
as he confided
hi bravoteens
withdraws him eaten the snail paradise sara tommasi forum panic attack
we live the echo reward
cellar nals
see we see
palermo where
thinking of where you don't.
ooh these also difference
not bad offer
good
I hope that
Gianni Pigolotti realizes how important it is to look
truffles days
we still hope
the payer returns
pato click cost
to
roberta pediatrician how you moved seems so
bye bye lets see shows it shows
good good good good good
info Request
I do not see it
total system
see how superficial they are because they are the first and this is good I give you a
small piece of form
rental contract
perfect continues
there is still another
go let me see
blog I can't stand it
here is the truth is that sense
leave for Taiwanese home
facebook like you did with the related sport
frank o
good good but you know it sucks
now to verify that what is now part of the Caribbean
but I moved to the farm
let's make a rib
attilio I set a moment for pleasure come here
good boy
zaches italy
chievo piasta quercioli navacchio
why
truffle dogs that we found
what do you do?
we teach that we generally
we also do possible
let's start with the haversack
I was notified please
no
we feel
after a drain
we feel we are preparing
landing at aprilia
I started a little big because after cutting a dog it could be that there
wants
when I go around I always carry a pebble
framework
a few pieces of cheese
- yet another little piece
the barolo bottle
the truffles that are here
you can understand why otherwise grain
you look for me more
here they are
then we will continue to look for it or someone else
and prepare a salad practically
cheese seen without pretense
this is a doggie badge
pecorino of the area that offends
quite a man
it's slightly cool
then also a cheese
a little. as they say
here it is
car bean I will do the part to you too do not worry
summer rentals
this is a salad
informagiovani
what time he
to season imo
with slices of truffle that vote lightly even for you
today
it seems to me that it is day to find it different
but I'm going to focus
roughly cut
here we are
a goccino of oil
but it would be an oil heart of Etruria this is to tell the truth
salad
of cheese
oil heart dirt rubiana the truffle scorzone is ready
I believe that there is really nothing more
yahoo eurosport
tweet this tweet
together with 5 to which
if you allow me I would like to give your kitchen
because he
the operator of this gastronomic tale
fabriano
marzabotto